Set up - Part 1
-----------------


Create React Native App
------------------------
When we build our app throughout this course, we'll be building it for both Android and iOS. One of the puzzles at hand is that we'll need to support two separate development environments: iOS uses Xcode, and Android uses Android Studio. This introduces a lot of complexity into this course; after all, both Xcode and Android Studio could probably each be their own set of courses!

Luckily for us, there's a new tool we can use that will allow us to develop for both Android and iOS without ever opening up Android Studio or Xcode. It's called, not surprisingly, Create React Native App. It's similar to Create React App in that all you have to do is install the CLI via NPM. Then, via the CLI, you can easily scaffold a brand new React Native project.

Just like Create React App, there are pros and cons to using Create React Native App (CRNA). First, the pros.

Create React Native App Pros
The obvious one is that Create React Native app minimizes the amount of time it takes to create a "hello world" application. The fact that you can run a command in your terminal and 15 seconds later have a project that run on both Android and iOS using JavaScript is pretty incredible. Next, and we'll look deeper into this one later on, Create React Native App allows you to easily develop on your own device. This way, any changes you make in your text editor will instantly show on the app running on your local phone. Next, and this is something I mentioned earlier, with Create React Native App you just need one build tool. You don't have to worry about Xcode or Android Studio. Lastly, there's no lock in. Just like Create React App, you can "eject" at anytime.

Create React Native Cons
Now, there are some cons, and granted they're pretty minor, but they're good to be aware of. First, if you're building an app that's going to be added to an existing native iOS or Android application, Create React Native App won't work. Second, if you need to build your own bridge between React Native and some native API that Create React Native App doesn't expose (which is pretty rare), Create React Native App won't work.

Let's jump right in!

Install Create React Native App
In order to use Create React Native App, go ahead and install it once globally:

npm install -g create-react-native-app

Alternatively, feel free to use yarn as well (visit here for setup instructions):

yarn global add create-react-native-app

Create React Native App does not currently work well with NPM v5, due to bugs in NPM. While there should be no issues with NPM v3 or v4, we'll be using yarn from here on out just to be safe.











